[docs] EAS Build - build cache config (#12038)
expo/expo: docs/pages/build/eas-json.md

- `yarn` - version of Yarn
- `ndk` - version of Android NDK
- `env` - environment variables that should be set during the build process (should only be used for values that you would commit to your git repository, i.e: not passwords or secrets).

> - `cache` configures paths that will be saved and restored in the next build, the cache can be explicitly invalidated by updating the value of the `key` field. Values in `customPaths` support both absolute and relative paths, where relative paths are resolved from the directory with eas.json. This feature is intended for caching values that require a lot of computation, caching something like `node_modules` will increase the build time significantly.

Author: unfortunately `increase` was correct there, I rewrote that part to make it more clear

- `yarn` - version of Yarn
- `ndk` - version of Android NDK
- `env` - environment variables that should be set during the build process (should only be used for values that you would commit to your git repository, i.e: not passwords or secrets).

> - `cache` configures paths that will be saved and restored in the next build, the cache can be explicitly invalidated by updating the value of the `key` field. Values in `customPaths` support both absolute and relative paths, where relative paths are resolved from the directory with eas.json. This feature is intended for caching values that require a lot of computation, caching something like `node_modules` will increase the build time significantly.

Reviewer: it'd be good to provide an example of what we think would be useful to cache and elaborate on the node_modules example

- `fastlane` - version of fastlane
- `cocoapods` - version of CocoaPods
- `env` - environment variables that should be set during the build process (should only be used for values that you would commit to your git repository, i.e: not passwords or secrets).

> - `cache` configures paths that will be saved and restored in the next build, the cache can be explicitly invalidated by updating the value of the `key` field. Values in `customPaths` support both absolute and relative paths, where relative paths are resolved from the directory with eas.json. If you set `cacheDefaultPaths` to true or leave `cache` config unspecified Podfile.lock will be cached by default. This feature is intended for caching values that require a lot of computation, caching something like `node_modules` will increase the build time significantly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `cache` configures paths that will be saved and restored in the next build. The cache can be explicitly invalidated by updating the value of the `key` field. Values in `customPaths` support both absolute and relative paths, where relative paths are resolved from the directory with `eas.json`. If you set `cacheDefaultPaths` to true, or leave the `cache` config unspecified, `Podfile.lock` will be cached by default. This feature is intended for caching values that require a lot of computation. For example, caching `node_modules` will decrease the build time significantly.
```

Reviewer: if you override `cache` key but don't provide a `cacheDefaultPaths` key, does it still default to `true`? if not, i think we should do that in order to prevent people from making a mistake when they only want to bump the cache key

Author: yes, it's still defaulting to true
